docs(README): fix grammatical error (#557)
discordeno/discordeno: docs/src/README.md

- [TypeScript Crash Course by Traversy
  Media](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAy_3SIqT-E)

There are always more resources... Take your time and don't fret! Come back when

> you're ready, we can't wait to see what your Discordeno created bot does!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you are ready, we can't wait to see what your Discordeno created bot does!
```
